1) Four elements of embedded Linux

	Toolchain: The compiler and other tools needed to create code for your target device. Everything else depends on the toolchain.

	Bootloader: The program that initializes the board and loads the Linux kernel.

	Kernel: This is the heart of the system, managing system resources and interfacing with hardware.

	Root filesystem: Contains the libraries and programs that are run once the kernel has completed its initialization.


2) What is Yocto?

	Yocto is the smallest SI metric system prefix about 10^-24


3) What is Yocto Project		
----------------------	

Yocto is a project working group of the Linux Foundation	
		
Yocto project provides open source, high quality infrastructure and tools to help developers create their own custom Linux distributions for any hardware architecture.		
		
History				
		
	Founded in 2010,  in an effort to reduce work duplication, provide resources and information catering.
		
	collaboration of		
		many hardware manufacturers like ARM, QNX, NXP, etc. and 
		open source operating systems vendors like ubuntu, redhat, electrobit					
		
To understand the outcome provided by the Yocto Project, we can use the analogy of the computing machine		
		
Input: Set of data that describes what we want, that is our specification 		
		(Kernel Configuration, Hardware Name, Packages/Binaries to be installed)
		
Output: Linux Based Embedded Product 		
		(Linux Kernel, Root File System, Bootloader, Device Tree, Toolchain)

4) Poky	
	
	
Poky is a reference distribution of Yocto Project. it is an example or basic product	
	
Yocto Project uses Poky to build images (kernel, system, and application software) for targeted hardware.	
	
What poky has,	
	• Bitbake
	• OpenEmbedded Core
	• meta-yocto-bsp
	• Documentation
	
Poky does not contain binary files, it is provides environment to build your own custom Linux distribution from target.

5) What is difference between poky and Yocto

Yocto refers to the organization ( like one would refer to 'canonical', the company behind Ubuntu )
Poky refers to the actual product ( analogous to 'Ubuntu' )

general example is Maggi
Yocto = Nestle
poky = Maggie
Developer = Chef/maker

6) OpenEmbedded

offers bitbake, 
Oe-core layer - contains essential recipes, classes, and configurations required for building a minimal Linux system.
and metadata


7) Metadata 	
	
	
analogy : A set of data that describes and gives information about other data	
	
Yocto World: 	
	Metadata refers to the build instructions
	Commands and data used to indicate what versions of software are used
	Where they are obtained from
	software patches
	
Metadata is collection of	
	• Configuration files (.conf)
	• Recipes (.bb and .bbappend)
	• Classes (.bbclass)
	• Includes (.inc)

8) Bitbake

It is a tool - made up of python and shell script
It parse metadata (recipes, config files, class files) and create packages for target image

8.1) Layers

A collection of related recipes. or Layers are recipe folders

example  BSP layer, a GUI layer, a distro configuration, middleware, or an application

 
9) Conf file (.conf)
all configuration such as Machine Configuration, Distribution Configuration, Compiler related setting, user configuration

10) recipe file (.bb)
A recipe describes:
    where you get source code
    which patches to apply
    Configuration options
    Compile options (library dependencies)
    Install
    License

11) class file (.bbclass)

it abstract common functionality and share it amongst multiple recipe (.bb) files

ex kernel.bbclass - Handles building kernels. Contains code to build all kernel trees

12) Image
An image is the top level recipe, it has a description, a license and inherits the core-image class
image is binary architecture and defines how the root filesystem is built, with what packages.






		
		

